How will you define the topics and subjects you want to be looking for?Our twitter bot would be looking for terms surrounding the Cherry Blossoms Festival in D.C. and other events taking place in and around the Tidal Basin area of the National Mall. The Twitter bot will look to target terms, such as tweets with "cherry blossom festival” or “Jefferson Memorial,” as well as the geographic location of the user. This way, if someone is tweeting in the Tidal Basin area, we can still track those tweets and use them if they pertain to events within the area.The other component that we want to include in the TwittFor this, we would scrape data from Weather.com's D.C. page (https://weather.com/weather/hourbyhour/l/USDC0001:1:US). We would scrape weather by the Is this more real-time or over time? How will you store what you find?I think our twitter bot would be useful both real-time and over-time. Real time to see when the cherry blossoms bloomed (example: they were late this year) and to see how crowded the Tidal Basin is. We could store the information on a website that we can link in the twitter bio, the website would then be very useful over time as it store the data we collected and would show readers when cherry blossoms typically bloom and when the best time is to go (typically).What is the stretch goal, what do you find interesting that you aren't sure how to do?Our main goal for the project is to create a useful twitter bot and web page that displays information about the activities taking place in the Tidal Basin area. As students at GW, a lot of the time, we get stuck in our own bubble and forget to explore the rest of the city. Our twitter bot aims to engage both locals and tourists to provide them with a platform that can give people ideas of how to get more involved in what’s going on in the city, particularly near the Tidal Basin. Something we would love to do as a group, but aren’t completely sure how to do, is creating some sort of interactive graphic that users can click on and play around with to become more interested and actively engaged with with the information on our website. 